Robert Williams: Welcome everyone to the ClearLED Media Player opportunity discussion.
Emily Davis: Thanks for hosting this. We're evaluating options for 500-1000 media player units.
Robert Williams: Excellent. That's a significant deployment. What's driving this initiative?
Emily Davis: We're upgrading our entire digital signage infrastructure across 50 retail locations. Need to move fast - target go-live is Q1 2026.
David Martinez: I've reviewed your product specs. The 4IEC capabilities are exactly what we need for our edge processing requirements.
Robert Williams: Great to hear. For volume pricing on 500-1000 units, we can offer $350-$400 per unit depending on configuration.
Emily Davis: That's within budget. Total project value would be around $175k-$400k. What kind of margins can you work with?
Robert Williams: For this volume, we can accommodate 20-25% margin while maintaining competitive pricing.
David Martinez: Sounds good. Next steps - can you provide detailed technical documentation and integration guides?
Robert Williams: Absolutely. Action: I'll send complete technical package by end of this week.
Emily Davis: Perfect. We'll review and get back with purchase order requirements by next month.
Robert Williams: Excellent. Looking forward to working together on this deployment!